`testimage_dip3e`: load images from the DIP3E textbook (#145)
JuliaImages/TestImages.jl: docs/src/index.md

This package currently contains two main functions:

- `testimage` that loads existing image files. Check the [list of test images](@ref imagelist) for what's available.

> - `testimage_dip3e` that loads image for the DIP3E textbook. "Digital Image Processing, 3rd edition"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `testimage_dip3e` that loads an image from the DIP3E textbook. "Digital Image Processing, 3rd edition"
```
